Streaming By ARCloud Api
Whoa, look over there! That's Baek
Yoonho from the White Tiger Guild!
Choi Jong-in from the Hunters Guild, too!
Look at all the press.
What are they even here for?
Are the two of you here
to recruit Lee Minsung?
Minsung? Who are they talking about?
What's the likelihood that
he'll be retiring from acting?
I'm not here for him.
Do you have any comment on his assessment?
I understand that Mr. Minsung has
contracted with the Reaper Guild already,
so this is a separate matter.
Damn...
It would've spiced the story up.
What a waste of time.
I've heard the news.
That A-Rank gate that nearly hit the
S-Rank threshold was real trouble, huh?
Nothing as serious as the red gate that
cost the White Tigers a rookie A-Rank.
I heard you were on the verge
of giving us a call, though.
He's the reason why that wasn't necessary.
The Hunters Guild is prepared to give him
a very warm welcome as a show of gratitude.
Don't be ridiculous! He saved our people,
too! And after a casualty, at that!
Do you really need more S-Ranks?
Are you looking to start a war?
I could say the same thing to you!
Hey, if it isn't Jong-in and Yoonho.
You boys aren't here to try and
snatch Minsung from us, are you?
Like I said, I don't give a damn
about Minsung or Min-anyone!
I already said, I don't care
Damn, you guys are in sync.
Uh, I'm here for my reassessment.
What's going on?
Check it out! It's
Minsung's press conference!
The actor?
He's supposed to be a total playboy.
They call him the co-star killer.
What are they talking about?
Is he giving a public apology?
Don't care.
I'd like to thank you
all for gathering today.
As you're all aware, I, Lee Minsung,
have awakened as a hunter.
I'll be getting my rank assessed today.
Since the day I awakened,
I've struggled with this decision.
But now I've made up my mind!
To fulfill the destiny
that I've been born with!
I'll be fighting for Mr. Lim Tae-gyu,
the guild master of the Reaper Guild!
Are your acting days over?
Isn't this jumping the gun
before your assessment?
Will you be focusing on your hunter duties?
How gullible can they get?
I've got my A-Rank already.
My contract with the
Reapers is for two years.
I'll dabble in hunting for that time,
people will forget all about my scandals,
and after? I'll be an
A-Rank hunter who acts.
No matter what rank I receive, I'm prepared
to fight as a hunter with my life on the—
What do you think you're doing?!
Can't you see all these reporters?
You're in the way! Buzz off!
Uh, I have business with the Association.
It can wait!
Who is this oblivious idiot?
This entrance is closed!
Now get out of here—
I'm afraid that isn't your call to make.
Ch-Chairman Go!
This young man is a guest of mine.
I seem to recall asking you to refrain from
holding a press conference at this hour.
But... I'm trying to distract from my...
Right this way, Hunter Sung.
What the hell do I do now?
I'll be right back! I just need to
confirm with the Association!
There's someone else being
reassessed at the moment.
I'm afraid you can't enter
until it's complete.
Dude, do you know who I am?
One word from me,
and you'll be out on your—
I can't say I recognize you,
but I don't appreciate
your lack of consideration.
After hearing about today,
they came to await your results.
I'm sure they're interested in the first
S-Rank hunter to appear in two years.
Before we begin the reassessment,
I'd like to confirm the nature
of your hunter abilities.
What kind of powers do
you have, Hunter Sung?
I can produce these.
I... assume this is a summon?
Then you have summoning magic.
That... sounds right, sure.
Hunter Sung.
I've received a detailed account of
your abilities from Manager Woo.
You're not going to
hold out on us, are you?
Yeah, I guess the cat's out
of the bag at this point.
I can produce around a hundred more.
A h-hundred?!
That's unbelievable!
His magic power is tremendous!
It's enough to overwhelm even me...
This is Hunter Sung's power?!
Thank you for your patience.
Your reassessment is now complete.
This is your new hunter ID.
Perfect. Now I can sell the Sphere of
Avarice without raising any eyebrows.
That should cover the gear I need
to beat the Demon's Castle!
You are now officially an S-Rank hunter.
I'm looking forward to seeing
what you do with that strength.
Congratulations on your S-Rank assessment.
Would you mind letting me thank you
for your help the other day?
I've got something I'd like
to discuss with you, as well.
If you could spare some of your time...
Sorry. I've actually got something
to attend to right now.
Hang on, there's still—
Huh? What did he...
Uh, hey...
Hmm?
Hey. Hey, pay attention!
What?
That's Jinwoo—uh, your
brother on the stream.
Huh?
No way! How?!
We've only just been able
to confirm this information.
He really did make the news.
I tried to tell you!
He's got a killer's eyes!
It's been one hour since
Chairman Go appeared,
No telling what kind of
messed-up stuff he's done!
accompanying him to his reassessment...
and now Hunter Sung has been
officially named as S-Rank.
The Association's
database has been updated,
and while there has been no announcement,
it seems his S-Rank status is confirmed.
He is now
the 10th S-Rank hunter in the country—
the first to emerge in the
two years since Hunter Cha.
An S-Rank?!
W-Wait—
He's the tenth S-Rank!
Hurry! Get after him!
But... my press conference...
Don't let him get away!
I wasn't able to get Mr. Sung
to accept the offer.
I see.
Sorry.
There's still something I need
to take care of on my own.
And to do that, I need to keep fighting
and get even stronger.
Joining up with any organization
would only get in the way.
Jinho.
That's why...
He... also asked me to join him.
And you realize how selfish that would be?
I had every intention of letting
Jinsung run this operation.
You then came in,
and despite everything you said,
instead of actually accomplishing anything,
you intend on forsaking your
responsibilities to work elsewhere?
You can't be serious.
Dad, I'm sorry.
But I'm still going to work with Mr. Sung.
Then you had best be prepared
for the consequences.
Back away, please!
Please keep a reasonable distance!
Don't push! It's dangerous!
Don't wear yourself out dealing with them.
We'll give you a lift home.
It's okay.
He's so physically gifted,
despite being a mage-type hunter...
President Baek?
So fast! Faster than I could see!
He's gotten even stronger since then.
How is that possible?!
It's time to gear up.
We've been waiting for you, Hunter Sung.
You're looking for artifacts capable
of defending against flame, yes?
May I inquire the specifics?
I'm looking for protection
from a dungeon that's pretty hot.
I see! In that case...
These may be what you're looking for.
A cape that you can wear on top of your
clothes, and a ring that's easy to equip.
Perfect!
And at these prices,
they should be well within your budget.
I don't suppose... I can get a discount?
I'm ever so sorry, sir, but the listed
prices are the only ones we offer.
That said, if you can shatter this glass,
then you can have them free of charge.
We happen to use glass
that is magically enhanced, you see.
This glass? I can sense magic power,
but not that much...
Constructed as to not even budge
under blows from an A-Rank hunter.
Across all the globe, you won't find
a display case of comparable security!
Wait, please! It was
only a joke, I'm afraid.
Any unusual vibrations will summon security,
even if the glass isn't fully broken.
Oh! I didn't realize. Sorry.
No, I should be the one to apologize.
It was in most poor taste.
Well.. uh... I was looking for some
other stuff, too. Like daggers.
I'm in charge of weapons,
so please allow me.
Right this way.
But he hadn't even touched it...
How much for this one?
For that item, if you'll look here...
This little thing?
It's only about as strong
as Kasaka's Venom Fang.
In that case...
Sir?
Where'd I put it...?
How much could I get for this?
Oh, this is impressive.
I can sense an attention to detail
from the craftsman.
It was just an item on sale in the store...
I believe it would sell for
no less than a hundred million.
A hundred mill—?!
But it only cost 2.8 million gold.
If the store's items can be
sold at these prices...
I might not even need to sell
the Sphere of Avarice.
Could I use your bathroom?
Oh, sure.
I knew he was strong.
But what I saw... goes far beyond that.
The magic power I could sense
from the assessment lab,
and the athleticism he showed...
His reawakening should be long since past.
And yet he's even stronger since then.
Is that even possible?
What if he's not a reawakened hunter...
but one capable of
getting stronger over time?
They're finally gone. Now I can head
to school without worrying...
You mean the press?
The Association must've chased them off.
Uh, if you were gonna be on TV,
could you at least tell me,
instead of making a huge scene
out of nowhere?!
Whoa, it wasn't my idea.
Oh, by the way...
I'm gonna be out of the house
for about a week, starting tomorrow.
Again? What now?
Could you people give it a—
Yoo Jinho, your trusty
sidekick, has arrived!
Huh. Is this a friend of yours?
You must be his sister!
I'm your brother's trusted
assistant, Yoo Jinho!
Starting tomorrow, we're gonna
be on a job for a week.
Tomorrow? What are you—
We're gonna be on a job.
Aren't we?
Y-Yep! Tomorrow's job is a big deal!
Painfully so...
They might be gone for now,
but given all the media coverage...
Come out.
Huh? I thought Tusk had four bodyguards.
Where's the other one?
Right, I didn't get to extract his shadow
because he was smashed into the ceiling.
Well, whatever. Strong as you are,
three of you should be plenty.
You're in charge.
I need you to protect Jinah.
Look after my sister for me.
I should take a few more
precautions while I'm at it.
Start your patrol.
Might end up making the city
a little safer, come to think of it.
Thanks for letting me stay the night.
I don't mind, but what are you
gonna do going forward?
He didn't say you had to move out.
It's my way of owning
up to the consequences.
What's this job at the DS Tower, though?
You mentioned yesterday that you
wouldn't be coming home for a week.
Well... Let's call it training.
You wanna get even stronger?!
After earning an S-Rank?
I guess I do.
Thanks. I'm heading out.
Sure! Come back safe.
A ring enchanted with water,
and a cape with wind...
That'll help me beat the heat.
It's time I finished off
the Demon's Castle.
Quest info?
"Collect Demon Souls 2."
I need to defeat the Demon Monarch,
Baran, and collect his soul.
Rewards... A rune stone
for Shadow Exchange.
That sounds like a job-exclusive skill!
That's a better reward than last time.
A nice bit of extra motivation.
Let's head to the 75th
floor, where I left off.
I never would've thought Jinho
would take off on his own.
Do you miss him?
A troublesome child has
left the nest, that's all.
Honestly, I'm surprised he
stuck around as long as—
That's strange...
Honey?
It's all dark...
Honey?!
Honey!
Time for a test drive.
Come on out, Tusk.
He blew it away?!
And that's after being nerfed?
Might have to think carefully
about how to use that move.
For now, I'll have Tusk hold on
to the Sphere of Avarice.
I see. Jinho came to visit, then?
Yes... I told him it was exhaustion.
I'm sorry about this.
Then it's... Eternal Sleep Disease?
Yes. After periods of sudden drowsiness,
it leads to a persistent coma.
How did I end up with such a disease?
It tends to occur in people with
naturally low resistance to magic power
after prolonged exposure to it.
Do you have any hunters
in your personal life?
Honey...
My son's a hunter.
We can't be certain
that is the cause, but...
The entire world is permeated
with magic power these days.
And I have no resistance.
Am I being... culled?
Sure is peaceful, huh?
Sure is.
You wanna go fishing after?
Aw, come on. We're still on patrol, y'know.
What... is that?
I formed six squads of shadows
for efficiency's sake.
Looks like having them
split up has paid off.
When I sent them out,
I gave them two orders:
Each team is to take down
any enemies they encounter,
and if they find an entry permit,
they're to let me know.
That means missing out on any other items,
but we're making much
faster progress in exchange.
Or so I thought.
But it's been two days since
we made it to the 80th floor,
and the pace has slowed down a lot.
Is there some reason?
The shadows are being destroyed.
That's the high orc squad A.
I didn't think any of the greater demons
would be a match for the high orcs.
I'll recall them and go check it out.
Squad B's down now, too.
I don't know who did this,
but they must be pretty fierce.
Something doesn't make sense, though.
Tusk's squad was right by squad A.
So why was squad B, which was
further away, the next to go down?
Did they know they weren't
strong enough to beat Tusk?
If they target foes based on strength,
that implies a level of intelligence.
And if that's the case,
the next target is likely...
Makes sense.
No wonder the magic beast soldiers
couldn't handle them.
I've been curious for a while now.
Do magic beasts feel fear?
Guess I have my answer.